>> The United States government,
along with other governments
in the world, has been
totally denying the existence
of unidentified flying objects
that were not of Earthly
origin, knowing full well
that we do have visitors,
knowing full well that
these optics are here,
that they are of
extraterrestrial origin.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> It was forecast
by Wernher Von Braun,
the top German rocket scientist
who was brought to the United
States right after World War II
to make sure that his knowledge
didn't get into the
hands of the Soviets.
And he said, first it's
going to be the communists,
then it's going to
be the terrorists,
and then it's going to
be extraterrestrials.
Well, this is what's happening.
>> There's no question
there's a government cover-up.
The question, of course, is why?
When I worked here at the Hayden
Planetarium, like 30 years ago,
I worked with a brilliant
woman named Dr. Margaret Mead.
It turns out that 30
years before that, she
was part of a government
NASA study formed
when NASA was formed
that basically said,
if we find evidence
of aliens out there,
we can't tell the
American people,
because civilization
will be destroyed.
It's too bad I didn't
know then what I know now.
>> About 90% of the human beings
on this planet are asleep.
They have no idea what's
going on in the real world.
They live in a little
illusional world of their own.
And the greatest
story in human history
is unfolding around them,
and they haven't a clue.
>> Governments frequently
interfere in the process
of perception.
They distort the lens.
They do it through
various techniques--
certainly propaganda
is well-known--
where they put out direct
false information in the media
and what have you to give a
false perception of events,
of history, of what's going on,
thus corrupting the worldview
of their citizens.
The UFO ET issue is,
in fact, an example.
>> The cover-up
worked like this.
We consistently
downplay the true extent
of both our interest
in and involvement
with this phenomenon.
And we routinely told British
Parliament, the media,
and the public that UFOs were
of no defense significance
when, all the while,
behind closed doors,
we were looking at
this very seriously.
>> I'm curious,
like everybody else.
I want to know.
The truth needs to come out.
If there is really
visitation to Earth
and there are cosmic
cultures coming here,
I think I'm just
the spokesperson
for the average
intelligent human being.
>> One of the cases that
we featured in our book,
in "Wonders in the Sky", is an
observation by Michelangelo,
who saw what he called a
luminous sign of three luminous
objects in the sky that he
saw long enough that he could
remember them very clearly.
And he painted a
painting of them.
>> If this is really true,
if we're having visitations--
and they're not only now, they
happened in ancient times.
And we've had some proof
that in ancient times,
visitors from ancient
cultures have come here--
then let's face it.
We're going to have to
rewrite all of our history.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> In 1947, after the UFO
crash in Roswell, New Mexico,
President Truman assigned 12
men to study and classify all
of the information about
UFOs, and above all,
to keep it hidden from
the American people.
This secret group,
called Majestic 12,
had a conflict with one of
their members, Secretary
of Defense James Forrestal.
He wanted to reveal the
truth to the American public.
Instead, he was admitted to
the Bethesda Naval Hospital
where he fell from a
high window to his death.
Of course, they claimed
it was a suicide.
Today, almost 60 years later,
all of the original Majestic 12
members are dead, and 12 new
members have taken their place.
But do you, the average
person, know about any of this?
>> I know--
I'm not going to say I believe--
I know that we have
objects that are reported
as unidentified flying
objects, UFOs, that did not
originate on this planet.
They are under
intelligent control,
and they come from
some other planet
from some other solar system.
>> You can understand why the
US government might have wanted
to keep the aliens
secret, as it were,
away from public knowledge,
50 or 60 years ago.
Just after the crash
at Roswell in 1947,
which is where it all started--
it wasn't the first
crash, but the one
that got people interested--
the world was
different at that time.
It was just after World War II.
People were tired of
war, and they probably
wouldn't have wanted
to know that we
were being visited by people
from outside of our planet.
>> Make no mistake about it.
Technology acquisition lies
at the heart of UFO secrecy,
lies at the heart of
government policy on this,
certainly in the United
Kingdom, and I'm sure, too,
in the United States, in Russia,
in China, all around the world.
>> There's an organization
that was formed after the Paris
Peace Conference after World War
I called the Council on Foreign
Relations.
And that is what I view as
the US branch of the world
government.
They control all
the major media.
And you can't get nominated to
be president of United States,
whether it's Democrat
or Republican,
without being approved by the
Council on Foreign Relations.
They have grooming
programs, Rhodes scholars,
Fulbright scholars.
Skull and Bones
even are grooming
people for world service.
Whenever you get elected
president, you wear two hats.
You wear a US hat, and you
wear a world government hat.
So the alien issue is
something that the president is
briefed on after he's elected.
Before he takes office,
he's briefed on again,
after he takes office.
Bill Casey gave Reagan
a one-hour briefing
in late January, '81.
And then Reagan got an
all-day briefing by Bill Casey
in March of '81.
That same thing happens to
all presidents now, I think.
He's given enough
information for him
to absorb, to realize
why it's so important not
to have disclosure or too much
disclosure before it's time.
>> Now I know that the
government has plans that when
the common enemy is
no longer communism--
and then it became
international terrorism.
And when that doesn't
hold up anymore,
then it's going to be
a threat from space.
Well, how are you going
to make people believe
there's a threat
from space if nobody
believes there's anything
intelligent in outer space?
So now we're being
conditioned to the idea
that there really
is something there.
And that's why you see
these incremental stories
and releases of
information in the media--
things flying over New
York, things flying
over Stephenville, Texas.
Stephen Hawkins comes out and
says, yeah, there's probably
intelligent life out there.
NASA has incrementally
told us the moon
is a dead, airless planet.
Well, wait a minute.
It's got a little
bit of an atmosphere.
Oh, wait a minute.
It's got a little bit of water.
>> So that's why this idea
of maybe just drip-feeding
the information out there, and
surrounding it sometimes with
a little bit of "X Files" music,
a little bit of jokes about
little green men
in tinfoil hats,
is actually the
best way to do it.
Government is not averse
to spin and dirty tricks.
>> We know in 1977 that the
United States Congressional
Research Service was tasked
by the Science and Technology
Committee of the United States
Congress to undertake a major
investigation of the issue of
extraterrestrial intelligence
and the issue of
the UFO phenomenon.
This was undertaken
directly at the request
of President Carter.
And that United States
government investigation
concluded that there
were at least from two
to six highly
technologically developed,
intelligent civilizations
inside our own galaxy
over and above
that of our Earth.
And that's an official finding
of the United States government
in 1977.
It was submitted to the
United States Congress
and to the office of President
of the United States.
>> 99.9% of this country is
completely out of the loop
and oblivious to
what is going on.
There are approximately 129,
130 known underground facilities
in the United States.
The people that are involved
in building these things
and running them and
utilizing these facilities
appear to be operating
outside the Constitution.
And if they're getting away
with this, who knows what
else they could get away with?
>> I had met with Edgar
Mitchell, Apollo 14.
And basically, Edgar Mitchell
made a very powerful statement
as to the fact that
Roswell was real,
that he had called the Pentagon,
that his Pentagon source said
Roswell was real, that
this subject matter is
highly classified, that he can't
even get to the truth of it.
Most presidents can't
get to the truth of it.
If I don't believe
Edgar Mitchell, who's
an astronaut, if I don't believe
Colonel Phillip Corso, who
worked in the Pentagon
in back-engineering alien
technology, then
who do we believe?
>> I grew up with astronauts--
Gus Grissom, Gordon
Cooper, John Glenn.
I have two godfathers who
have walked on the moon.
My brother's godfather
is Gene Cernan,
who also walked on the moon.
So we have astronauts
all through our family.
When I was a kid, Gordon
Cooper and Gus Grissom
were the two who first talked
about how they'd see UFOs
outside the spacecraft.
And they could see
through the windows.
And they would bring home film
in these little Bell & Howell
8mm cameras with the little
wind-up doohickeys on them
that they would take from space
and show these craft that were
flying around the capsules.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There's not much question
at all that there's life
throughout the universe.
We're not alone in the universe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> They do know one thing--
there will be
people who will take
their own lives
because they will not
be able to cope with it.
I can tell you from
being in the military,
and I can tell you from the
perspective of the recovery
teams, there have
been people that
were in the military that
wasn't ready to accept that.
And some of them
took their lives.
>> There had been a scare.
Orson Welles put had put a
show, a radio show one Halloween
night based on H.G.
Wells' "War of the Worlds"
with the martians
invading Syracuse.
And it really created a panic.
So there was this fear, I guess.
Well, if people know
what's going on,
they will react in
an unpredictable way.
>> I know of one incident where
a person took an M-16 and blew
the top of his head off simply
because he couldn't cope with
the fact that he knew he came
into something that was not
of this world, that it didn't
originate on this planet.
He was very religious.
And it was--
I don't know how to put it--
like an assault on everything
he believed, everything
that he held as being true.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> The Roswell crash in July of
1947 has now been established
to have been an historical fact.
Because we were able to
recover the photographs
that were taken of General
Ramey in July of 1947,
which he was displaying the
false wreckage of a weather
balloon.
And in his hand,
he had the telegram
he had received from Washington.
And it said directly
in the telegram,
when we digitized the
negatives and blew them up,
it says bring the bodies
from the crash site
to Wright-Patternson in Ohio.
So we know that that's
an historical fact.
>> I had an acquaintance,
Lieutenant Colonel Phillip
Corso, who was the head of the
Foreign Technology Division
at the Pentagon for the Army.
And he stated in his book,
"The Day After Roswell,"
that an alien spaceship
crashed in the desert in 1947
in New Mexico, and that he had
the debris from this crash.
And he gave pieces of it
to various laboratories
and research institutes.
And they came up with
lasers, fiber optics,
and integrated computer chips.
He also claimed that he had
seen a humanoid type alien.
It's amazing that
people don't realize
that the advances in technology
over the last 50 years
are due to the crash of an
alien spaceship in 1947.
And the fact that Colonel
Corso fed this data out
to the giants of
American industry,
and today our world has changed.
We've had advances in the
last 50 years in technology
greater than in the last couple
of thousand years of history.
>> At that time, just the
beginning of the Cold War,
the Americans were just
absolutely petrified that
the Russians might get access
to the same technology.
>> I was 16 years old and
saw seven red light-type UFOs
flying around over Washington,
DC, 26th July, 1952.
It made headlines
around the world.
That was the second Saturday
night in a row that alien
vehicles put on a demonstration
to the extent that the media
cannot ignore it and the
government couldn't cover it
up.
>> With regard to the Project
Blue Book study that was
undertaken by the United
States Air Force of the UFO
phenomenon, we know perfectly
well that that classified
report has sections in it
that have never been revealed
to the public.
And so while they
were attempting
to debunk the
phenomenon, I've actually
gotten to see sections of the
classified photographs that
show a crashed
disc on the ground
with foreign symbols on it
that were of no civilization
here on this planet,
and the people
surrounding it taking
pictures of the disc
crashed on the ground.
And we know that that was,
in fact, a genuine disc
that was on the ground.
So even though the
whole project was
designed to debunk
the UFO phenomenon,
it, in fact, has
verified the fact
that there is such a real
historical phenomenon
as these flying saucers.
>> What I'm investigating are
cases where the craft lands,
the occupants get out, they
interact with the witnesses,
they produce phenomena.
They are wearing different
garments and different clothes.
Their skin color is different.
And they get back in
the ship and fly away.
Those are not
piezoelectric phenomena,
or mental aberrations,
or anything else.
That really happened.
And it happens over
and over again,
you have more and more
witnesses verifying the ones
before until you have a body of
evidence that is indisputable.
Yet somebody will come
along and say, oh, it's
all something that
they dreamed, and they
think it's reality, when
that's not the case at all.
We have absolute, solid
reality going on here.
>> One of the most
incredible videos that shows
intelligently-controlled craft
moving in our upper atmosphere
was taken by NASA's own cameras.
This is STS114, taken in August,
2005 from a routine shuttle
mission looking
down at the Earth.
We have a night view-- the
camera on the space shuttle,
the astronauts tucked into
their space beds-- sleeping,
perhaps, while the
ever-present camera peers
into the murkiness of space.
All of a sudden, this light
appears out of nowhere
and moves in a straight line
towards the edge of the Earth,
towards the limb of the Earth.
Now, as it approaches the edge
there, it seems to slow down.
But I think what's really going
on-- it's just moving away
from the camera,
and it's getting
further and further away.
And just as it
goes out of sight,
this massive,
luminous object comes
flying from the other direction.
We're talking about
a diameter of miles
to be throwing off
that much light.
It slows down and comes
to a complete stop.
And just as it comes to
a stop, another object
appears and moves off in
yet another direction.
And then something
truly amazing happens.
That huge, luminous object
starts going backwards.
It retraces its steps--
again, something
that could only be
a sign of intelligent control.
The evidence contained
in this video
should be the subject of a major
international press conference.
But instead, what does NASA do?
They turn their cameras away.
The most extraordinary discovery
in the history of humanity
they want to keep secret.
And they don't want us to know
our true place in the universe.
But now we've see ,
beyond a reasonable doubt,
the reality that's unfolding
above our heads day in and day
out.
>> In this small Greek
village of Atalanti,
an extraordinary
UFO event occurred,
quite similar in some ways
to our American Roswell,
New Mexico event of 1947.
Just as in the Roswell
case, the government
swooped in and confiscated every
single little piece of debris
they could find, hoping
to eradicate all evidence
that an extraterrestrial
craft had been there
in the first place.
>> In Greece, we have many
impressive events that were
reported on the front
page of the newspapers--
for example, the
case of the 10 or 15
spacecrafts that flew
around Greece several times
and disappeared in the Balkans.
These are common events,
and we have many of them.
One such impressive event
occurred in Atalanti,
in Central Greece, in the
year 1990 on September 2nd.
There was a separate formation
of 13 to 15 flying objects.
The spacecrafts were
very bright in the sky.
They arrived early
in the afternoon
and flew over the area
two or three times
until around 1:00 in the
morning when one of them
seemed to be damaged.
The damaged craft was
surrounded by all the others
as if they were
trying to protect it.
They descended and hovered
close to the ground,
looking for a place to land.
Finally, they landed in
the small town of Atalanti.
After landing, some
small, nervous beings
emerged from the spacecraft.
Each spacecraft seemed
to have only one being.
They quickly ran and
extinguished the fire
with some kind of
handheld mechanism.
It seemed that they did
some repairs on this craft.
And around 5:00 in the
morning, all of them flew away.
There were some witnesses,
some shepherds in the distance.
And they reported to us.
The next day, the
event was verified
by people in nearby
villages who saw the lights
of the craft all night long.
A lot of people went
to the landing site,
and they collected many
objects left behind.
Later on, the staff
from the Air Force
came over and took the
objects from the police.
And they sent all these
objects to Washington.
>> It becomes a national
security problem of great
importance when it involves--
when this phenomenon
involves unique technology,
unique to our society and time.
And everybody is experiencing
the same kind of phenomena.
They're not just visiting
one country or one place.
It's happening all
over the world.
And every place
where it happens,
they retain the best evidence
for their own information,
but always thinking that they've
got a piece of the puzzle.
And they don't want
to give that piece
to somebody else
that might complete
his puzzle before theirs.
So everybody holds all
the pieces to their chest,
doesn't release any
information, hopes
to get information that others
have without giving anything
in return.
And in that sense, it becomes
a national security problem,
because it always
represents the potential
for a technological breakthrough
that would give us an adventure
or give an enemy an advantage
over all the rest of the world.
And so in that sense, it's
a serious national security
problem.
And I understand that now.
I understand why
they're doing it.
>> What the hell is that?
>> It takes a lot less testimony
to bring a case in court than
it has taken for
this UFO phenomenon.
You can actually prosecute
people on a lot less testimony
than we have.
>> The chairman and several
other board members of all
of the major media in the
United States are members
of the Council on
Foreign Relations.
That's why UFO stories can
meet the public eye locally,
but they don't
spread nationally.
They can't put that
kind of information
about the alien presence
into the public domain--
that is where the general
population reads it,
like on ABC--
unless they have a debunker
to give those who aren't ready
for that kind of information,
that aren't ready for aliens--
which is probably a majority
of the people on the planet--
an excuse not to believe, not to
make it part of their reality.
You'll notice that
Larry King, who
also is a member of the
Council on Foreign Relations,
doesn't have someone
with a really good story
without having somebody
from [INAUDIBLE] on there
to embarrass himself.
I mean, they must pay
these guys really well
to embarrass themselves
on those programs that
require a debunker.
>> We have such an enormous
amount of evidence that aliens
are visiting here, even
if they're not landing
on the White House lawn.
Why should they?
The president doesn't speak for
6.7 or so billion earthlings.
It's a crazy, convoluted notion.
And I get other people saying,
well, if they were coming here,
they would have
sent a signal first.
Sure, like Columbus sent
smoke signals to the Natives
before he went west.
That's absurd.
We have data.
They have none except
wishful thinking.
>> Henry Kissinger, Nelson
Rockefeller, David Rockefeller,
in all of these interests, set
up a virtual disinformation
system which discredited
all contactees,
all public contact with
benevolent extraterrestrial
civilizations, which ridiculed
all of the citizenry,
and then which, in essence,
privatized the contact with
extraterrestrial civilizations
and started an undeclared war
against them in order to
capture the technology.
>> The STS 48 video is one
of the most remarkable pieces
of UFO footage that we have,
not only because it shows a near
Earth object under intelligent
control being shot at, but it
was also taken by
NASA's own cameras.
An orbiting space shuttle
captured this footage
of this object, which seems
to be under its own control,
moving along at a
very deliberate pace.
It heads in a
northern direction.
Then all of a sudden,
there's a flash of light.
We think that this
flash of light
was the defense system of star
war satellites, a rocket being
launched either from
an orbiting satellite
or from a ground base station.
This object anticipates this
and flies off into outer space.
And then we see the rocket
shooting straight up.
When this footage was
recorded, NASA used to stream
live their footage from the
orbiting space shuttles.
Now all of their
video is on delay.
>> There were two
Cape Canaveral.
There was Cape Canaveral, which
was the NASA Cape Canaveral,
and then there was the
military Cape Canaveral,
which was like a gleaming
city next to the NASA
one in Florida.
But you never had access
to the military base.
And at the same time,
we're shooting guys
up in bottle rockets.
They're using electromagnetics
and anti-gravity
and anti-matter
and all the things
we either got from the
Roswell crash in 1947
or got from the Germans in
the 1930s and the 1940s.
>> In 1989, I learned I had had
alien abduction experiences,
and prior to that was
very skeptical about it.
But ended up going on a trip
to Rachel, Nevada, to Area 51,
and having a series
of sightings.
And I went from
being very skeptical
about the subject of UFOs to
saying, OK, I'm seeing them.
They exist.
They're flying in and out of a
known top secret military base.
And the government is
obviously lying about it,
because they see them flying
out here in and out of the space
all the time.
So I was like, OK, three
major belief systems
shifted for me overnight.
UFOs exist, the
government knows about it,
and the government
is lying about it.
>> The secret is self-keeping
in that no nation on the face
of the Earth could do it.
If people would open their
eyes and go ahead and open
their minds and accept the
fact that people are seeing
something in the
skies that appear
to be under intelligent
control, exhibiting a technology
that we are totally
incapable of--
actually, the technology
would be in the realm of magic
to most of us.
But it is a technology.
I can't stress that enough.
While you and I might say we are
ready to accept the government
coming out and saying
that we have visitors
from other planets,
NASA went ahead
and stated we can't
really be sure how
the population of
the world is going
to react when we state
that we have discovered
extraterrestrial intelligence
out there in the cosmos,
let alone that that intelligence
is already among us.
>> Nine saucers landed
in this guy's yard.
And these humanoid
aliens got out
and talked to the
people who lived there.
>> Aliens have been a
prime suspect in the cattle
mutilation phenomenon.
The blood's removed.
The rectum's cored out.
The sex organs are
missing, having
been done with incredible
surgical precision.
>> I believe that they are here
because they have a scientific
interest in us and maybe a
scientific interest in some
of the things we're doing.
>> When I was 15, I was away
at school in Rhode Island.
And I was studying physics
and mathematics, primarily.
Even though I was in high
school, I had a college regime.
And I had won awards for
designing particle accelerators
and doing some other interesting
things, plasma research
and stuff like that.
I went home with a
fella and his family,
and spending the weekend
with them one time.
And they wanted to go
off shopping somewhere,
and I just refused to go.
I went on a hike.
And I was out in the woods.
And it was in the
fall, probably October.
I encountered this fellow
coming out of the woods
with a shotgun.
And I was very interested
in guns in those days.
And so we struck
up a conversation.
And he was telling me
all about this shotgun.
He asked me if I'd like
to shoot it, which I did.
And then out of the
clear blue sky, he says,
we've been watching
you for a long time.
So I looked around, and I said,
you have some friends with you?
Oh, no, he says.
That's not what I mean.
He said, I'm from Venus.
So having grown
up in Jersey City,
I was street smart
at a young age.
There was all sorts
of nuts loose.
So I figured I was
with one of them.
And he had the
gun, and I didn't.
So I figured I'd humor him.
And I said, really?
So tell me about Venus.
And this guy
proceeded to tell me
all sorts of incredible
things about Venus--
surface temperature was
such and such too hot,
and this and that, and all of
the dwellings were underground.
And he rambled on
for quite some time.
At one point, he says, well,
we know where you go to school,
and you're doing some
interesting things.
I said, well, really?
And I was very surprised.
He did know the
town that I went to,
and he did know the
school that I went to,
which was a little unnerving.
He said something about he was
appointed to monitor my case.
And strangely enough,
that's about all I
remember of my
conversation with this guy.
And I walked back to
the home with the people
I was staying with.
And their car was back, so I
figured, good, they're home.
I rang the doorbell.
The woman came to
the door, and she was
in a state of near hysteria.
And she said, what do
you mean, why are you
doing this, et cetera.
I said, what are
you talking about?
She said, well, you've
been gone all day.
I said, well, you've
got to be kidding.
No, no, she said.
We have the police out looking
for you and everything.
It turns out that I had gone
for that walk around 10:00
in the morning, and it must
have been about 3:00 or 4:00
in the afternoon
when I got back.
So that's a very interesting
lost time episode
which I have no explanation for.
>> I was working in Connecticut
for a small company that was
building electric cars.
And they had hired
me as a director
of research and development.
The problem that I
was given at the time
was the development of a
new type of transmission
for this vehicle.
And it was a very
difficult thing
to design because they
wanted some pretty
unusual performances.
And this problem vexed me.
It was on my mind
for day and night.
And this one
particular day, I was
working with drawings and
a calculator and whatnot
till about 3:00 in the morning.
And I had really
exhausted myself.
So I decided to quit, took a
shower, got ready to go to bed,
got in.
And I was running my fingers
through my dog's hair,
who was curled up at
the side of the bed.
And I was just in
that twilight zone
between wakeness and sleep.
And all of a sudden,
instantaneously, I
was propelled to this other
area, this other place.
It was a very arid region.
I was in a canyon,
a rocky canyon.
And directly ahead of me
was a trapezoidial door
that had been cut into the
rock, above which was engraved
some type of hieroglyphics.
And I was compelled to
walk through this portal.
And I walked into this
dark, dank hallway that
had been cut out of the rock.
And immediately I could hear
the sounds of heavy machinery.
I followed this to the
end, and it opened up
into a vast canyon, a cavern
that had been carved out.
And in that space were
two gigantic machines
that were oscillating
or spinning
in a very peculiar fashion.
The best description
I can give you
is that they were
something like gyroscopes.
And my instinct at
that time was that they
were used to create power
for this installation.
I have no idea where I was or
what this installation was for.
But after I studied the
machines for a few minutes,
I crossed the
causeway, went over
to the other side
of this huge cavern,
and went down a flight of stairs
into this very brilliantly-lit
room.
And this room was set up very
much like a surgical arena.
There were operating tables and
all sorts of unusual equipment.
And in the walls,
there were cages
embedded in the wall with
steel bars in front of them.
And behind these bars were
some real unusual creatures.
The best description
I can give you
is that they were something like
creatures from Greek mythology.
There were half one
species and half another,
that type of thing.
I didn't dwell there very long.
I woke up or snapped back,
whatever you want to call it.
And my first instinct was
to draw these machines
before I forgot them.
I just slipped into
a pair of slippers,
ran to the drafting table,
and I drew up those machines.
And since that time, I've
built several of these devices.
And they're extremely
complicated.
I don't know exactly
how they work yet.
But I've been analyzing
them for years.
And I still think they are
a form of power source.
>> The would-be leaders and
rulers of this world owe
their power to their monopolies
over energy, transportation,
pharmaceuticals,
medicine, et cetera.
They realize that
if we understand
that there are alternative
species in the universe,
then there are alternative
energy sources,
transportation sources.
And it might upset
their monopolies.
>> I believe there are 57
or more different species
of extraterrestrial life
visiting our planet at this
time.
I base this on a book that I
saw while I was in the military.
The necessity of that
book was to give us
some knowledge of
first aid that we
could render to whatever species
we might come in contact to as
a result of a crash.
There where times when
we'd go to crash sites,
we would have seven
that were injured.
And a lot of times, what they
called an interfacer, which
is what I was a
part of, they would
have to communicate
to the other people
there as to what the injuries
was and what type of steps
they would have to take.
Because they didn't verbalize
what they were feeling.
It was like mental telepathy.
It was like you were
picking it up in your mind.
But you could hear them like
if you and I were talking.
You would have a tendency
to move your lips.
But you didn't have to, because
they could pick up on what
you were thinking at that time.
It was a thought
transfer process.
>> I heard this roaring
sound in my head.
An electrical feeling
started from my head
going down my body.
My body felt almost weightless.
In fact, I actually felt as if
my body floated up off the bed.
>> They'd come into the room,
these gray aliens with large
heads and big black eyes.
>> But they were little
men with no hair.
And they came right
through my bedroom window.
>> The abduction phenomenon
occupies most of my time now.
This is a situation
in which people
think that they have
been abducted by aliens
who are inside the UFOs.
And this has happened to
them, oftentimes, many times.
And so they come to me to
see exactly what happened
to them because they only
have very short memories,
little snippets of memories,
and sometimes very few memories.
But very odd things
have happened to them
over the years.
>> They all looked alike.
They had big, black eyes,
two little holes for a nose,
no discernible mouth,
no hair, no ears.
>> Then they'd take me out.
And if I passed through
a wall or a window,
it feels that I am passing
through mud or hard jello.
>> And I remember it being
floated out the same window.
As strange as this
sounds, if felt like going
through very firm jello.
>> These entities have
the ability to go ahead,
go through solid objects.
They could appear,
disappear, things that
would appear to be magic to us.
But it's not magic.
It's technology that's
not hundreds of years,
but thousands of years
ahead of where we're at.
>> I remember looking down
and seeing the treetops
in my backyard and the the
roof of my house and then going
straight up.
>> There was a big roundtable,
and there's a bunch of them
moving about.
>> They were somewhere between
four and five feet tall.
And I remember them performing
medical exams on me.
>> They're taking
scrapings of skin.
They're inserting things
gynecologically into me,
taking things
gynecologically from me.
>> I recall lying flat on
my back and being examined
by chalky-colored
alien creatures.
>> I felt so horribly violated.
I felt like a lab rat.
They pulled my rear end back
and spread my legs apart.
And I knew what was going
to happen at that point.
It was like suddenly like--
it felt like an air gun,
like a bullet hit
the top of my uterus.
And I knew what they did.
And it was so
incredibly painful.
And they had implanted
me with a fetus.
Six weeks later, I
felt the sensation
of something coming out of me.
And I reached down,
and I caught it.
And it was a small,
tiny, little fetus.
And I'm standing near
this room, and I'm
watching them put the fetus
into a round cylinder filled
with liquid.
>> Any living species on this
planet would have more rights
than that entity.
And no one was going to
speak out for its rights.
Because officially, he and
others like him don't exist.
>> The main reason
people see UFOs,
at least an awful lot of people,
is because they're involved
in a hybridization program.
It's a joint program between
Zeta Reticulans and humans
to develop better bodies
to house our souls
in future incarnations.
And that's something that
elected leaders just cannot
talk about.
No president, whether it's
Bill Clinton or Obama or Bush,
can stand before the
public and say, yes, I'm
aware that we have this
program with Zeta Reticulans.
And we're picking up your
daughters and your wives,
and you're taking their eggs,
splicing in some extra genes
to give them a bigger computer,
a bigger hard drive, a faster
chip, a USB port for telepathy.
We're re-implanting them, and
we know what generally they're
going to look like.
And if they look
enough like you,
we let the mothers
raise them to term.
If not, they take them at
3 and 1/2 months, put them
in artificial wounds.
They have to live elsewhere
until the consciousness
of the people on
this planet is raised
to accept them as neighbors.
>> The past seven years, I've
been in 42 countries about
the world, and I have had
discussions with numerous
individuals who are involved in
the alien abduction phenomenon.
I've come to believe
that approximately 15%
of these individuals may have
an object within their body
as the result of the alien
abduction phenomenon.
If we look at both the
metallurgical and biological
findings, we find some
very astounding things.
We find that the
metal objects are
covered with a very
strange soft tissue
membrane, which is actually
attached into the metal.
Now, that goes far beyond
our scientific abilities.
We find also that in
the surrounding tissue,
there are large
amounts of nerve cells
which are not correct
for the particular area.
These are called
nerve proprioceptors.
And perhaps they are responsible
for giving the energy supply
so that this becomes
a functional object.
When we look at the
metallurgical findings,
we find that there are
several unusual things.
For example, the object being
metal and highly magnetic,
containing large
amounts of iron,
but yet the iron
is amorphous iron.
It's without crystalline form.
Now, I was able to find, through
black budget laboratories,
that we do know how to
make amorphous metals,
but we don't know how
to make them magnetic.
So that's quite the anomaly.
And then the next most
telling metallurgical finding
is that when we look at the
isotopic ratios for some
of the metals
within the objects,
we find that they are
non-terrestrial isotopic
ratios.
So to sum up, we
have seen individuals
who allege alien abduction.
They find an object
within their body
which is verified by X-ray,
a CAT scan, or an MRI.
They have some distress
from the object.
They want them removed.
We accept them as a candidate.
The object is removed, submitted
for scientific analysis.
And then we find things like
non-terrestrial isotopic
ratios.
Then what is a
logical person going
to conclude other than the fact
they are telling you the truth?
One of the most unusual objects
that I've come across recently
is an object that was in
the arm of an abductee.
And this object moved
underneath the skin.
When you touched it
with your finger,
it would move out of the way.
And after putting your finger
on the area for a while,
it began to come to your finger.
It would go in the
opposite direction.
You could move your
finger someplace,
and the object would
actually come towards it.
Very, very strange,
hair-raising,
skin-crawling thing
to witness, even
for me being in the medical
field for over 41 years.
>> The alien visitors that we
have here have technology that
permits them not to just go from
a planet within a solar system
to another planet within
that solar system.
They have devised ways to
travel vast distances--
hundreds, thousands
of light years--
in a very short period of time.
We were trying to acquire
that same technology.
>> In '93 in August, I had an
experience where I was taken
by aliens.
But at one point,
I was handed over
to military personnel, taken
to an underground base.
And I had a very intense
medical procedure done on me,
gynecological in nature.
And then in November
of '93, I then
had an experience where
I went to bed one night,
and I was awoken by men in
camouflage uniform ripping
my covers off my bed
and proceeding to drug
me with a very oily substance.
They put me on a stretcher.
They carried me out of there.
I was taken to a base.
I was flown on a
triangular craft.
I ended up being taken from
one base to another base,
where I was
interrogated about what
I knew about alien technology.
And it was actually a specific
piece, a piece of a drive
system that they wanted.
There was a missing
component of it
they couldn't quite figure out.
And apparently, they were very
pleased with the information
I gave them.
>> They see us as a species
capable of such wonderful
things.
And we can do such
horrible, monstrous things
to one another.
>> Some years ago, I had
hypnosis and discovered that I
have been an extraterrestrial
abductee since childhood.
But the reason that
I went into hypnosis
was because I discovered a very
disturbing three-month block
of missing time
from the time that I
was in the military
in the Air Force.
When I did finally have
hypnosis to discover
what happened to me
during that missing time,
it was very disturbing.
I was taken out in the middle
of the night to the radar site
that I worked on at the Tonopah
Electronic Warfare Range.
Out there, they had
us trying to track
extraterrestrial spacecraft
or possibly reverse
engineered spacecraft.
It was a frightening event--
not that the craft
were frightening,
but the circumstances
were frightening.
After we tried
the test, which it
didn't seem to me that the radar
was tracking the UFOs or the ET
craft, we were put on
a vehicle and taken
to what I believe was Area 51.
While there, I was injected
with an unknown substance.
I was taken down a very
long flight of stairs
and thrown into an
observation room
while I went through the
effects of the injection.
It was intensely traumatic.
As I was recovering from the
effects of the injection,
I was dragged out of that
room and sexually assaulted
by two security guards.
Now, obviously, this is not
any woman's girlhood dream
to stand in front of a
camera and tell people
this kind of thing.
But I do tell it because I
hope that in the telling,
that I can illustrate that
there are things going
on in our government that are
far and away out of control
with no checks and balances.
National security
and secrets kept
for reasons of national
security no longer
serve the people that they
are supposed to protect.
>> A lot of abduction
researchers start to feel that
this somehow explains away
alien abduction and that
it's a military
in lieu of aliens.
In other words, it's a military
covert ops, when quite frankly,
a lot of this is the
intelligence community
involvement.
It's people lab coats.
It's people in other
types of uniforms.
There are certainly intelligence
operatives involved.
And there's military
personnel and people
in the military uniforms.
So I call it covert
ops because I
think it includes many black
project covert groups that
could be involved in some way.
In these experiences,
a lot of times
there's an
interrogation involved.
And what they seem to
be most interested in
are four categories
of information.
One is the alien agenda
and alien motives.
Why are they interested
in the abductee?
Why is this person
having this happen?
Does the abductee have a
sense for why the aliens are
interested in them?
And what do they know overall?
Have the aliens told them
about any agenda or motives?
What are their plans?
Where are they taking this?
Does the abductee know,
or does the abductee
have any sense of that?
Secondly is alien and
abductee genetics.
There's a lot of medical
stuff that goes on,
like in my own
experience, but that's
common to other
people who have shared
similar experiences with me.
And there's a big
interest in what did
the aliens do to us medically.
Did they alter us medically?
Did they alter us genetically?
Is there something unique about
our genetics as abductees?
This is another big thing
they seem to be interested.
That's second.
Third is paranormal abilities.
Does the abductee-- are
they able to remote view?
Are they able to do
psychokenesis, telekinesis?
Are they able to do telepathy?
Do they move matter
with their mind?
Have they flown a ship and
operated equipment on board
that they have done
so with their mind?
Can they duplicate that
for these covert ops guys?
Can they duplicate it
under pressure and at will?
Or can they be drugged
or used in hypnosis
and have that enhanced
by them where they're
able to pull it out even
though maybe the abductee isn't
able to do it on their own?
This kind of thing, so
this paranormal component.
And then last, but
certainly not least,
and the biggest of all
four, is their interest
in the technology.
If the covert ops guys have
a piece of alien technology,
can they hand it
to the abductee?
And does the abductee
know how to operate it?
I have many cases of this
kind of thing going on.
Have they seen the technology?
Have they operated it?
Has it been described to them?
Has the propulsion
been described to them?
Have they seen weaponry?
Has the weaponry been
described to them?
Do they know anything about
the cloaking abilities?
All this kind of
stuff is a big thing
that they're interested in.
So these are the four
categories of information.
But again, it suggests that
these covert ops really
believed these people have
had these alien experiences.
Or why would they be asking
them those questions?
I want to really emphasize that
it is not a military in lieu
of alien abduction thesis.
It is a covert ops
interest in the abductees
because they have had
very real experiences.
And to me, it is some of
the strongest evidence
in support of alien abduction.
If alien abductions
aren't real, why
would all this be happening?
I've been involved in
many, many abductions,
one mass abduction
in particular I'll
never forget the
rest of my life.
Hundreds of us were shown,
on tiny little monitors,
beautiful Earth scenes--
the sea, the mountains.
They were drop dead gorgeous.
And slowly, these scenes
deteriorated with pollution
and made us very sad.
And we were given a message.
And the message was you're
killing your planet.
Your planet is dying.
We must act soon.
>> I was in command of
10 nuclear missiles.
The guard was extremely
agitated, very fearful,
screaming into the phone, saying
he was looking at a bright,
glowing red object just
outside the front gate.
All the guards were out there.
Their weapons were drawn.
At that point, we got a lot
of bells and whistles, alarms.
And missiles started to
go no go, which means
they couldn't be launched.
All in all, we lost nearly
20 missiles to UFOs.
This is very significant
that the UFOs
seem to be focusing on our
nuclear weapons facilities.
They're trying to
send us a message,
and that has to do
with getting rid
of all nuclear weapons
on this planet.
>> In 1953, Joe Adamski
witnessed a number
of extraterrestrials
visiting on the spacecraft.
And their message was the same.
They were very concerned
about humanity's testing
of nuclear weapons,
and they were
worried that humanity
could wipe itself out
by the irresponsible use of
these nuclear technologies.
>> Gorbachev was sitting at the
edge of a field when a huge UFO
came and landed.
And a nine-foot-tall alien
came out and told Gorbachev
who he was and why he was
here, and told Gorbachev
that the Soviet Union needs to
have more transparency and less
repression.
The next six days after
that, an unidentified object
was seen to come in
on a straight line
toward the center of Voronezh, a
town there in the Soviet Union.
And by the seventh day, it had
gathered a fairly big audience.
I think it was 400 people.
And it landed downtown.
And that landing did make
news around the world.
The alien gets out and
talks to people for a while.
And then a KGB van
pulls up and arrests
this nine-foot-tall alien.
Two little aliens
get out and start
talking to the audience
for about an hour,
and then the KGB
returns the alien.
And as he walks back
on to the spaceship,
the little alien is saluting.
And they go, close the
door, and take off.
Right after that, Gorbachev
did start the programs
of Glasnost and Perestroika
for more openness and less
repression.
>> The military's own goal was
to create a series of satellite
bases to then launch a series of
missiles or tubes, if you will,
up to the moon, and then have
a series of astronauts go up
there and screw all these tubes
together and create an instant
moonbase that they can then
have a high ground of space.
And it was called
Project Horizon.
Project Horizon was probably
getting 10 times more money
than NASA was
getting at that time.
So the whole NASA
thing was just a front.
But it was the civilian
peaceful pursuit of space
while the military,
rather savagely,
went after the military
application of space.
>> The military
mind has prevailed.
And the US is going to spend
hundreds of billions of dollars
to put a base on the moon.
And a couple of things bother
me about that, I guess.
First of all, if
the moon is used
as an advanced base for some
of the extraterrestrials,
as has been widely
rumored, I don't
know what kind of reception
the American pioneers
will get when they get there.
And secondly, the
amount of money
that's involved to use it
on a project as questionable
as this when millions of people
are starving on Earth for lack
of proper food and water and
medical care, I just think,
is a very, very bad
way to spend resources.
And I just think it--
frankly, I think it's immoral.
>> For what purpose?
For the purpose of maintaining
the permanent war economy
on this planet in defiance
the will of the people
of this planet, i.e.
giving then informed
consent, in defiance
of the proper care of the
ecology of this planet, where
we're caretakers of what is,
in essence, a universe commons.
The human race does not have
right, title, and interest
to this planet.
>> To date, we've never had
any situations where they were
hostile.
We've been hostile, but
they haven't been hostile.
We have had situations where
we would shoot at them.
And here again, it's human
to go ahead and strike out
at something you fear or
something that's unknown.
And that's the nature
of the human species.
- The NRO has now
developed radar
which tracks the
extraterrestrial light ships
in the next dimension over.
So this is the deployment
of practically the entirety
of space weapons against
friendly, integrated
higher plan universe plan
for the positive evolution
of this planet.
- I personally believe that
Eisenhower did indeed meet with
these extraterrestrial,
off-world astronauts.
I would like to
submit to our nation
my personal testimony
of one document related
to one of these
ongoing topics, which
I saw while in office serving
on the state Federal Relations
and Veterans Affairs Committee.
The document I saw
was an official brief
to President Eisenhower.
To the best of my
memory, this brief
was pervaded with
a sense of hope.
And it informed
President Eisenhower
of the continued presence
of extraterrestrial beings
here in the United
States of America.
The brief seemed to
indicate that a meeting
between the president and
some of these visitors
could be arranged as
appropriate if desired.
The tone of the
brief indicated to me
that there was no
need for concern
since these visitors were
in no way causing any harm
or had any intention whatsoever
of causing any disruption then
or in the future.
>> When we look at this video,
we have to ask ourselves,
how many other craft
have we shot at?
How many other craft
have we shot down?
And if we ourselves are
ever to become a spacefaring
civilization, can we
expect the same hospitality
when we visit other worlds?
>> Take the US National
Missile Defense System.
Well, that's a
trillion-dollar weapon system.
That's the most
expensive weapons system
in the history of the world.
And that's a
weapons system which
will develop the technology for
putting space-based platforms
and space weapons,
laser weapons,
space-based
interceptors in space
in order to attack benevolent
extraterrestrial civilizations
that are really here on an
integrated galactic plan
for the benefit of our planet.
- I doubt that there's a single
member of Congress that's
in the loop as far as the
alien secret is concerned.
I doubt if there's one.
I'll bet you there
are a lot of things
that they're financing
that they don't know about.
This is a dereliction
of duty on their part
because they have
a responsibility
to be protectors
of the public purse
and to know what they're doing.
And I don't think they do.
How can you have proper
civilian control of the military
if they don't know
what's going on?
>> Shortly before 9/11, in the
summer of '01, Rumsfeld told
the Senate that they could
not track $2.3 trillion
in transactions.
Now, just to put
that in context,
the Pentagon's official
budget for that fiscal year
was about $310 billion,
or 1/8 the amount.
How is it possible to lose
eight times your annual budget?
After 9/11, that
question-- that is,
the missing Pentagon money--
literally became tabled as a
matter of national security.
What is clear is that there
is a lot of money flowing
through federal offices
that is of uncertain origin
and of uncertain destination.
And that's a perfect
way to siphon out
billions and
trillions of dollars
for all kinds of
covert activities
that have no
oversight whatsoever.
>> Interestingly enough,
the majority of fatalities
at the Pentagon on
9/11 involve members
of the Army's accounting office,
the very people who would be
looking into the
missing $2.3 trillion.
>> One of the important
things, I think,
that they would want
us to understand,
and we need to
understand eventually,
is that we sometimes go ahead--
don't worry what happens
to the other guy.
I tell you it is very
important to be concerned
what happens to others.
That ties into universal
love and universal good.
We haven't gotten the message.
Because it's OK if it
happens to the other guy.
It's not OK if it happens to us.
But always remember this--
to the other guy, you
are the other guy.
- Well, I was in
Switzerland investigating
the case of Billy Meier.
One of the ladies there, a
multi-lingual translator,
told me I should look into a
Dutch case down in Holland.
And she gave me the name
and the telephone number
of the witness.
She said, he's a well-known man.
He'll tell you about
the case, but he
won't let you use his
name or image or anything.
I said, that's fine.
I'd like to know the details.
She said, well, the details
are really remarkable,
because they're extraterrestrial
visitors that can
go underwater with their craft.
So I went to Holland
and looked the man up.
He was a tall man.
He was almost seven feet tall.
He was a giant man. a
very, very kind person.
He had a nice family, a wife,
and a teenage daughter and son.
The family had a
private schacht.
It's a flat-bottomed, small
yacht that one person can sail.
And they were sailing
recreationally
in the [INAUDIBLE],, the
west sea south of Rotterdam.
And they struck an object
in the clear channel.
The yacht bounced off from it.
After he struck something in the
water, he looked over the rail
and saw a body floating.
His quick first reaction
was to jump over the rail
and rescue the body.
And when he turned it over,
he saw a completely different
morphology.
The features were different.
Everything was different.
He picked it up in
his arms, and he
was waiting on this underwater
surface that was now rising.
It came up above
the water level,
and a black tower rose out
of the center out of it.
A door opened in the side,
and another being in a suit,
just like the one in
his arms, came out
and took the second
one out of his arms
and took him down inside.
Then he came right back to
the door of the little tower
and thanked him for
rescuing his fellow.
The family spent the
night in the schacht
in the clear channel.
So when the aliens emerged
again in the morning,
they moved him a little
closer out of the channel
to a side of the channel
and submerged again
after taking him aboard.
They sat him in front
of viewing screens
and showed him how
to use controls
to zoom and pan on images
that came up on the screen.
And then they allowed
him to ask questions.
When he looked to
his right, there
was a curved blue glass
window with three or four
of these creatures, just like
the one that he had rescued,
facing him through the glass,
watching him ask the questions.
And they were
using some controls
and bringing images up on
the viewing screens for him
to observe.
What he asked about their
living, about how they lived,
they brought up images of
their apartment complexes,
their homes, even the
interiors of their homes.
When he asked about their
commercial facilities,
they showed him shopping centers
in their apartment complexes.
He asked about agriculture.
They showed him automated
agricultural systems
that produced all of the
foodstuffs automatically.
They told him that the land
surface of their planet
was less than ours.
There was about
20% land surface,
whereas ours is about 35%.
They are semi-aquatic creatures.
The population density
on their planet
was considerably more than ours.
But they have a lot
of aquatic activity.
They live near the
water, and they can even
stay underwater for up to
30 minutes, like a seal,
and then come back up
for air, whereas we
don't have those capabilities.
It's just part of their
nature, their physiology,
and their society.
And they have underwater
creatures that they farm.
It's a unique society, but
it was completely different
from ours.
Their morphology was different.
Their sciences were different.
Their technology was different.
Their foodstuffs were different.
Everything was different.
And they're just as ambient
as we are and can get around
the stars.
And we can't even leave this
planet to go anyplace yet.
>> Perhaps the most important
question the human race has
ever asked is who are we
and where did we come from.
Well, after 30 years of
research on our work,
I believe I know an answer.
The answer is we
didn't come from here.
We came from Mars.
>> The Russians, back in the
late '50s, early '60s, did
about a 40-page report
in which they were--
some of their scientists
were concluding
that there was martians and
that they actually lived inside
of two moons of Mars.
>> There's a similarity
between all this megalithic
construction that's
all over the world.
And even structures like
obelisks and pyramids
and huge platforms can
be found on our moon.
And I maintain
that even the NASA
missions have
discovered what seemed
to be structures on the moon.
And they're essentially
covering up these discoveries.
But the idea that we have, say,
extraterrestrial structures
on the moon, and
probably on Mars, too,
and that there's a similarity
between those structures
on the moon and Mars and
many of these structures
that are found here on Earth.
>> I would like to recount a
session I had with a young,
13-year-old girl in 1996,
which is about 15 years ago.
She suddenly recounts that
she can see a red planet.
And she said, it's a red
planet that has a face on it.
She said, it's a really strange
face, but it's an amazing face.
And then she proceeds
to say that she's
seeing under the ground
there are beings there.
And these beings are telling
her that we come from there.
And this alone
was quite amazing.
But on top of that,
she then says,
I'm seeing an American flag.
Now, this is in 1996.
And at the time, I didn't
really know what to make of it.
But since that time, I
discovered, of course,
the face on Mars.
There's a sense now
that there may very well
be life of some kind on Mars.
But the most incredible
thing is we are now
hearing from whistleblowers that
there is some form of jumpgate,
and the military-- there was
some military that actually are
going to secret bases on Mars.
So this young
lady, 15 years ago,
was saying some of
what could actually
be now absolutely credible.
And I find this has
great veracity coming
from a 13-year-old girl that
knew nothing about any of this
at that time.
>> Individuals have come forward
to reveal that human-looking
extraterrestrials are living
and walking amongst us.
In 1975, a Swiss farmer
by the name of Billy Meier
had a number of interactions
with extraterrestrial visitors
that lasted for a
number of years.
They came in ships that
were witnessed by Meier
and a number of other
independent individuals.
Meier took photographs
of these ships.
One of these visitors
was named Simjasse.
She was a very beautiful
extraterrestrial female
who gave Meier a philosophy of
how humanity could deal more
responsibly with
the environment,
with the rest of humanity,
and with the other species
on the planet.
>> The evidence is
overwhelming now.
The evidence is so great now.
It's impossible to
just say it's nonsense.
People who say it's
nonsense do not
understand what this
phenomenon is about.
It is amazingly important.
And I do think that this is,
in fact, an existential threat.
I began to hear stories of
people moving into society.
You had Hubrids who are
moving in in twos and threes
and fours into apartments.
They are moving into
many apartments.
Abductees are helping them.
The title "Walking
Among Us" comes
from my favorite question.
And the question was--
when people and I would
do interviews-- do
you think they're living here?
Do you think they're
walking among us?
And I got to say,
absolutely not.
There is no evidence whatsoever
that they are walking among us.
I can't say that anymore.
This is an extremely
important program for them.
This is not a
vacation type deal,
or they're just coming
to examine us and see
what we look like.
This is a whole different story.
And the best thing
that I can say--
and this is a guess.
This is speculation.
I don't know.
But the thing that
fits the best is what
I call planetary acquisition.
This is, in fact, the
taking over of the planet
itself for reasons
that we do not know.
But the best thing that I
can say that is probably
irrefutable-- if this is
planetary acquisition,
it benefits them.
In some way, it benefits them.
That's all we know about it.
>> There's a lot of controversy
about what the reasons are
for the cattle mutilations.
Who's doing it?
If it's the government, if
it's aliens, if they're in
sync together with
some kind of agenda.
>> I think there is a large
body of very compelling evidence
that we are dealing with an
alien intelligence behind
the cattle mutilations.
I think the rest is
speculation as to why
an alien intelligence would be
interested in a bovine rectum.
I can't think of any
other precedent in history
where the perfect crime has been
perpetrated 8,000, 10,000 times
with no one ever being
caught over 30 years.
I would go out into the field,
and they would would say, yeah,
we saw the black helicopter.
But we also saw a flying saucer.
So I went, oh, my goodness.
Well, maybe the government
has got flying saucers, too.
So then the further I
dug, people would say,
yeah, we saw the aliens
bent over the cow.
And they levitated the cow
up into a flying saucer.
And then the black helicopters
came the next morning.
So this curious mix
started to evolve.
As I got out into the
field and I investigated,
and I talked to these
ranchers, and I found out
that they were obviously
sincere and had no reason
to fabricate these
stories, I started
to take them more seriously.
There were flying saucers
flying everywhere around
right here where we are,
around this mountain range.
It was saturated with what we
call classic flying saucers.
Last year, I was in Roswell,
New Mexico giving a talk.
And I ran into an old
research friend of mine who's
a very reputable scientist.
He worked for Sandia Labs for
29 years, quite respected,
a high security clearance.
I was having a
little chat with him.
And he said, the aliens are
taking bacteria from these cows
and using it to nurture
hybrid babies in space.
Then he went on to
say that his wife--
he and his wife had
voluntarily consented
to have alien hybrid babies,
and the babies were gone.
I said, where are they.
And he said, well, they're
probably on other planets
right now.
They took them off,
and we said it was OK.
We're trying to
help this program
of populating the universe
with these hybrid babies.
And I said, OK.
He was totally sincere.
Here's a man that's 29
years with Sandia Labs.
He and his wife produced
hybrid alien babies.
And the aliens
told him that they
had to have this
bacteria from the cattle
to be able to sustain
these babies in space.
Who am I to say?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> For many years, various
researchers have attempted
to bring to light what the
government prefers to deny.
Coincidentally, many of these
brave people ended up dead.
William Cooper, a former
Naval Intelligence officer,
exposing in "Behold a Pale
Horse" pervasive government
lies and crimes,
implants, mind control,
and secret genetic engineering
through alien abductions--
shot to death in front
of his house in 1999
by a posse of Sheriff's
deputies dressed as hippies.
Phil Schneider, geologist
and explosives engineer,
found strangled to death in
1996 after publicly revealing
the existence of aliens in the
secret underground government
bioengineering lab
in Dulce, New Mexico.
Colonel Philip Corso, in his
book "The Day After Roswell,"
explained that the true
purpose of Reagan's Star Wars
anti-missile system
was to protect us
not from the Russians, but from
potential invaders from space.
22 scientists and computer
geeks working on the Star Wars
Anti-Missle System
back in the '80s--
all 22 dead between
1985 and 1988
under mysterious, if not
violent, circumstances.
All working on secret weaponry
to bring down alien spacecraft,
all dead within less
than three years.
To what lengths won't they go
to keep this thing a secret?
>> When it comes
to our visitors,
our extraterrestrial
visitors, what really counts,
and the most important
thing, is the truth.
Governments do not have a
right to lie to their people.
In our government, they have
a constitutional obligation
to tell the people the truth.
This is not a matter
of national security.
It's a matter of
national fact that we
have visitors that did not
originate on this Earth.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There are a growing number of
people in the world who are now
perfectly convinced
that several, at least,
other civilizations,
non-human civilizations,
exist in our own
Milky Way galaxy.
In fact, the United States
Congressional Research Service,
as pointed out
earlier, has concluded
that there are at least two
to six other such highly
technologically developed
civilizations in our own Milky
Way galaxy.
And it's important to
understand that there
are 500 trillion galaxies.
So the probabilities
of our being
visited by any number
of other civilizations
is looming in the
immediate future.
Indeed, the Vatican in Rome,
back in November of 2009,
held a five-day conference.
And at the end of
that conference
discussing the potential
contact with an extraterrestrial
civilization, the members
of the press conference
held at the Vatican concluded
that it is very possible
that we will be confirming
the existence of such
a civilization within
the next very few years.
And they have called
upon our human family
to begin to give very
serious consideration
to the philosophical and
theological implications
of our upcoming contact with
a non-human, extraterrestrial
civilization.
It is now time for those of
us in the world who now come
to know that this is true--
for us to no longer wait
for governments to tell us
that it's true, or for major
institutional religions to tell
us what it is that we're
supposed to think about this.
The time has come for us
as citizens of the world
to begin to gather together to
discuss not just whether this
is true, but the full
philosophical and theological
implications of the
upcoming contact
with a non-human,
highly-developed civilization.
>> We aim for the stars today.
We try to achieve
that technology.
Tomorrow, we will
achieve that technology.
We will achieve
interstellar travel,
meaning that we're
going to be able to go
from one solar system
to another solar system.
When that happens, the
day after tomorrow,
we are going to become
somebody else's UFO.
[MUSIC PLAYING]